update about search methods in Data API (#46)
Geoalert/mapflow-docs-en: source/api/data_api.rst

                            ],
                            [
                                69.2325,
                                41.5352
                            ]
                        ]
                    ]
                },
                "pixelResolution": 0.0,
                "acquisitionDate": "2023-09-13T14:08:40Z",
                "productType": "A",
                "sensor": "JL1GF03D15",
                "colorBandOrder": "unknown",
                "cloudCover": 0.0,
                "offNadirAngle": -12.49,
                "previewType": "png",
                "previewUrl": "https://home.sat-imagery.com/geoserver/rs_data/wms?SERVICE=WMS&VERSION=1.1.0&REQUEST=GetMap&FORMAT=image%2Fpng&TRANSPARENT=true&LAYERS=rs_data%3AJL1GF03D15_PMS_20230913140838_200196307_108_0001_001_L1&STYLES=&serverType=geoserver&crossOrigin=anonymous&tiled=false&angle=0&WIDTH=188&HEIGHT=253&SRS=EPSG%3A3857&BBOX=7702262.3596810745%2C5066284.571753241%2C7721142.145319615%2C5091606.951481916",
                "providerName": "sat_imagery"
            }
        ]
    }

.. important::

    The size of the area cannot exceed the size of processing AOI limit assigned to the specific user.

>     {aoi: geometry, - required, Geojson-like Polygon or Multipolygon acquisitionDateFrom: UTC time string acquisitionDateTo: UTC time stringminResolution: float, in metersmaxResolution: float, in metersmaxCloudCover: float, in percents minOffNadirAngle: float, in degrees maxOffNadirAngle: float, in degrees minAoiIntersectionPercent: float, in percents}

Reviewer: Maybe it will be more readable in this form?

```suggestion
   {

   | ``aoi``: geometry, - required, Geojson-like Polygon or Multipolygon
   | ``acquisitionDateFrom``: UTC time string 
   | ``acquisitionDateTo``: UTC time string
   | ``minResolution``: float, in meters
   | ``maxResolution``: float, in meters
   | ``maxCloudCover``: float, in percents 
   | ``minOffNadirAngle``: float, in degrees
   | ``maxOffNadirAngle``: float, in degrees
   | ``minAoiIntersectionPercent``: float, in percents

   }
```

![image](https://github.com/Geoalert/mapflow-docs-en/assets/93107171/9144e949-f358-405d-9c64-f29b563170a3)

Author: > Maybe it will be more readable in this form?
> 
> ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/93107171/278834097-9144e949-f358-405d-9c64-f29b563170a3.png)

Thanks. I forgot to delete this. Fixed and looks better
